# Pieces-Of-My-Life-

from what i remember. From a kid to who I am now and my journey. 


Born September, 15th, 1997. 
Grant County, Marion IN

Earlier childhood is a mush mix in my memory that’s faded things together at earlier stages. 

________

Early stages: from age 1 to second grade. 

Decatur, IN 

Lived in Marion with mom but moved to Decatur, IN when mother had gotten with the first “father” figure who lived in the country completely different from the Marion IN environment. While living in the country with a barn, a bone fire area the size of what my driveway is now. A sandbox area I played in as a kid the size of 2 in ground pools (memory as a kid might exaggerate the size but definitely over the size of a in ground pool and a half.) The barn had a giant white fence around it from The current father figure at the time used to have horses before relationship with my mother. He owned a liquor store which came at cost on human behavior to my mother but still did everything for us a father should have and even became the reason as a kid I loved steak and even to this day eat it 1-5 times a week but never without (unless life demands I go without) end of first grade that ended and mother moved back to Marion IN with her mom (my grandma) who also had her other daughter (my aunt) who has two daughters. My mother had 3 kids. My oldest sister jerrika. Middle child Janessa. Youngest is me. Each a year a part. My aunts kids. (My cousins) is a funny story. My aunts oldest child is actually two days older than me which I’m my moms youngest and my oldest cousin was leaving the hospital with my aunt as my mom was going to the hospital but in Decatur first grade was my first memory from school at my first school the guy’s favorite music that was my father figure at this time was country music. He absolutely love country music and since we lived in the country, that was a huge thing we listened to.

_____
Second grade the first time 

Marion IN

We tried school at my grandmas before this but it didn’t work with mothers schedule because she worked in Fort Wayne during night shift which effected making sure we got to work. Cost getting to and from for my mother was becoming too much but during this time I was learning I was having a trouble paying attention in school because it seemed too slow paced and if it wasn’t that then I was too scared to raise my hand to ask a question and worry about what would he said about me not knowing something because in school if I did know something a kid would say oh yeah always with the answer “Jaron Bragg’s a lot” mocking my last name. As a kid I don’t think I even cared I just knew in that moment having pride in what I do might always get used against me simply because of my name. Well as the school year ended I failed and my mom wanted me to move forward because she understood it wasn’t a “me” issues but possibly the not understanding me being the issue but the school decided they wanted to hold me back so they did my cousins that lived with us because at this time when my mom was staying with her mom, my grandma so was her sister my aunt with my mom having three kids and my aunt having two kids all of them being females except for me and then my grandma my mom, and my aunt also being females this year I was the only male that lived in the house the music that was listened to was a variety, but typically female music and rapping so like a mix of Beyoncé and Akon 

______
Second grade the second time to fifth grade: lived with aunt and uncle 

Gas city, IN 

so her brother (my uncle) decided to take in all 3 of my mothers kids while my mom could catch up on life to so she could provide better for us. From second grade the second time at a new school again  till the end of third grade my sisters lived with me at my uncles who was married to a woman who was an amazing aunt to us of course as kids we only see cons and never the pros like only getting peanut butter on my sandwich’s for lunch with no jelly which made me resent it up until adult years. My sisters moved in with my mom back to fort Wayne where as I stayed with my aunt and uncle. In school I struggled to admit I had a question because I didn’t want to feel behind or slow. I did mess around a few times and have friends I would mess around with. I also started second grade on medication for ADHD from uncle talking to mother about it being something I might “need” so second grade till 5th grade I was on it and honestly that time of my life I didn’t feel like me. I have memories but they are ones without emotions that I can remember of. During that time things had happened to me as a kid from current father figure at that time which also might play a part. I remember joking around at school. Having a crush on a chick down the road. My uncle was in a wheelchair and I would push him all around gas city as a kid to help him get around. We would also go on long walks. I would ride my bike. My aunt would ride hers and if my sister was with us. They would too after my sister’s left though, and it was strictly just me and my aunt And my uncle is when my uncle and I got a PlayStation and would play games mostly a racing game and it was like my first game I physically got to play. My uncle also played a game called Age of empires which I absolutely loved as a kid but never got to play as a kid not until my adulthood did I get to experience that specifically but also at my uncles, I was Being shown things I shouldn’t have been shown like gambling and adult activities between two partners which was something inside my head until adult hood. As fifth grade ended and it hit summer my mom contacted my uncle saying starting next school year lll be back with her also my aunt and uncle’s favorite music to listen to was classic rock or just rock in general


____

6th grade 

Fort Wayne, IN. 

6th grade was a wild year itself. First we lived with my mom on the north side of town which made me go to one middle school at the beginning of the year. A few months go by and my sister Janessa who was in the same school as me had gotten into a altercation with someone which resulted in her getting kicked out of that school which we then had to move across town to go to another school which my oldest sister jerrika went to who again just a month before school ended that year she later got in trouble too and then got kicked out of school and because of that it resulted in us moving again but my sister Janessa and I finished the school year there actually the first time I got into a physical altercation myself too but the kid and I managed to not let any students tell on us so I didn’t get caught. I had gotten my first Xbox and a game I played had to do with silver war.
At this time, I was very radio focused when it came to music and would listen to a lot of what my sister was listening to and her music
____ 

7th and 8th grade the up and down years the most alive and the most lost 

Still Fort Wayne, IN


7th grade comes around and I end up going to yet again a brand new school, but this one was different. By this time, there were so many things that I was taught in one school and I went to another one I would be either taught the same thing or I would be so far behind that it created a lot of issues but one thing I did see is that even when I was taught the same thing from a teacher When I go to another place, it would still be taught a different way not even the same way and they would even have their own perspective on it and even how they taught it which help me a bit more in eighth grade than it did seventh but in seventh grade we lived in our neighborhood that was a neighborhood across from the school that I had gone to which resulted in me just walking to school rather than being a car rider or taking a bus like I typically did in the past doing this though walking to and from school I had met another kid that lived next-door to me across the street. He became very close friends with me and that’s when I got huge into gaming we first had the original Xbox and played games like Halo, but then we got an Xbox 360 and play games like battlefield fallout army of two Skyrim and a few other ones for school specifically I don’t remember much in seventh grade of school itself other than there were other people that walked the same way we walked and would pick on Quentin throughout the entire seventh grade

Eighth grade is a whole Nother story because I feel like at that time. My perspective almost made me a completely different person based on the environment. I was putting myself in and who I was becoming in the environment. I was still close friends with Quinton, but I had also Gotten to the point since I was at that school longer than other schools and it was my first time being able to be at a school longer than a year and even be able to go to that school the following year so I was more comfortable. I knew a lot more people in my communication skills were a lot better, but I still struggled when it came to learning simply because the fact that I learned that it was better to be looked at as a bad kid then to be looked at as a dumb kid and so I continued being a class clown. Now that I was back with my mom and no longer with my uncle and aunt who used to be very strict with things my mom was a very busy woman and so I took advantage of that. Not that I necessarily wanted to because I felt bad doing it but my brain and body feel better being able to accept disappointing one person versus many people looking at me and judging me if I was wrong about something in school well what’s crazy is even though I struggled to actually listen in school and treat it like I actually cared deep down. I cared about everything so much that when I actually didn’t understand something I would genuinely get really frustrated with it because I wanted to understand it so bad I wanted to keep learning, but for some reason, my brain just cannot take in what I was being taught mostly because being in so many places and seeing so many different perspectives, I could see how things would contradict the things that I was be doing so how can I be taught things from teachers who are supposed to teach me how to do things but then when I go to another place and I’m being questioned on what I know from that person‘s perspective because it’s different I get told I’m wrong but it’s also something I was already taught another reason why I would just rather just listen and not show them what I know because if I feel like if I showed people what I knew no matter what it was it’d be wrong or judged so instead, I focused on being a bad kid and focused on making friends and also got into a few relationships a few fell apart, but it’s also my first serious relationship that I thought was everything in the world from my current perspective and environment other than that relationship that truly did have a tremendous effect on me because it changed the type of music. I listen to the shows I watched the Way I thought how I presented myself and even how I would feel about myself and the world, including people when in a relationship everything was amazing. Everyone was great. It seemed like I had an understanding on things. My science teacher was really cool because even though I acted as if I didn’t care about the class he seen through that and would always say things to me privately like hey I’m not here to judge you I don’t care what you think feel or anything I’m not here to say anything about that. I only want to see if there would be times after class if you would come by the classroom and possibly stay after class and see if there’s a few things you might be interested in and I said, of course, but I didn’t actually do it until the last few months of the school year now with history I had a history teacher that yes I was a class clown in, but when it came to history everything he taught I already knew, and there was even things that I even helped answer a few questions with which that I got mutual respect with, but times that I was a class clown. He would lose his temper so much that there was times that he looked at me and would tell me you are never going to get anywhere in life. You will never actually become something and I hope you know that that’s also something until I’ve been an adult that stuck with my life and in my head, probably up until the age of 25 as of writing this now I am 28.  Back when I was in school though and eighth grade I was only 15 and 16 my math teacher was really cool too. I had the same issues. I was just not being able to pay attention, but she always helped organize things in a way that I could understand things for at least eighth grade math my English teacher she was cool, but I never really cared about English grammar punctuation verbs adverbs basically any of that because for some reason, my brain just didn’t wanna accept one specific thing for me to be taught when it comes to that which I think later in the story and adulthood that gets explained, but as eighth grade continued, we ended up moving, but we didn’t move to where I had to go to a different school. We only move to where the neighborhood we lived and actually was right behind the school. I was already going to so it was the neighborhood beside the neighborhood, but it was actually technically closer to the school. I was going to school. I was going to was also very diversified school and also a dress code to school but during eighth grade, my friend Quintin was still having the same issues from being bullied and during my eighth grade year, I had already started the year out with realizing who people ignored who people paid attention to who hung out with who who is considered the people people like the most, and who was considered the people that people like the least amount, and I became friends with both the people that people really hated and bullied. I became very very close with, but I also was older than a lot of people around me so I was into things that was making me money and giving me the ability to have those other people that were looked at as the important people are the popular people also wanted to be close with me because I helped give them access to things that they couldn’t get while doing that I would always tell people I can be your friend, but you need to understand that this person is my friend too and to be around me you need to at least respect them. I don’t care what you do on your own time but around me and for me, I would at least appreciate it because that’s what I would want in a friend so if you want to continue, that’s just what I’m asking which worked sometimes it didn’t work sometimes. Obviously they were still people that wanted to be stubborn and did that, but I accepted it because at the same time when I did come to the situations, I would make both sides come to a compromise. I would get the other side to wind down from being wild up to starting stuff again and then I would make the other person feel better and understand that hey it’s OK now if it happens again, this will be something that I handle again and if it never stops, just know, I’m always here. I can’t always prevent something, but I can at least do what I can to try to intervene. I also was really close with two people that were into making music. They called themselves rappers at the times. Well the school had the end of the year project that would have this talent show and a lot of people want to do music and rap, but they had no one to organize it and so I actually took that position to act as the manager for the people that did any type of music And was about to go perform on stage, but before the stage thing even happened, I spent months at helping them practice structure and even took a few to the studio myself with my own money from me paying for it as the side jobs I did that job under the counter because my boss was also the boss my mom works for and even to this day as an adult still works for but as a teenager I worked for him and it was a roofing company, and I made 15 an hour as a 15-year-old with no taxes being taken out so it really helped out when you had nothing to pay for besides games and clothes and looking cool for people but I also was working for it. I wasn’t just being handed it either as a year went on in a school year ended though so did my relationship and when that happened, I stopped caring about who my friends were or who anyone was during that summer before high school started I was very big into poem, writing and even writing stories at this time, my grandma actually lived with us from eighth grade until a little bit later and then seventh grade the person that we actually lived with in Decatur Indiana that was my first father figure actually lived with us when we lived next to Quentin, but then ended up moving when we moved into the new neighborhood behind my school that I had in seventh and eighth grade just from eighth grade. He moved away, but he stayed close as a family friend which goes a show. That’s why he was living with us again, even though things had happened badly with him and my mom when we were kids she always kept respect with him and he always stayed in contact with us to see how we were when growing up. During the summer after eighth grade, though when I was in to poems and writing stories with my grandma from the time that sixth grade happened, even though a bunch of craziness was happening up until we were even adults. We had a tradition we did every fall between October and November, and that was go to Brown County Indiana, and that year when I went there, I got really deep into peeing in nature and loving the woods and finding peace and not seeing anyone around me, I wanted to live in Alaska. I wanted to move away from people I want to live off upgraded in the woods. I really didn’t understand how to handle my emotions and so I had done some things with medicine that resulted in hospitalization and I had passed away for 13 seconds, but the hospital had brought me back. And I just stayed close with my grandma we also travel to Florida to see my aunt which moved down there few years before hand when we had also gone to Michigan too, which were the places I traveled at that time but during this time, I also had a cat named Dean, which I only got the cat because of my first love talked me into getting it for us and because our show was supernatural. I named it after that show. I also watched Sons of Anarchy with my grandma and even a few friends there was also a few other relationships I was in while I was not in the relationship with my first so-called love I was probably actually in eight relationships within that year, but the one with my so-called love I asked to be with me every single night for three months before I was finally said yes to, but we even had a few off and on so every time we weren’t together, I would get with someone else and that’s why that happened but I care deeply about being popular and having affection and just any type of connection but when I didn’t have that, it wasn’t a happy time for me but at this time, my music genre was very wide. I love listening to rock even punk rock didn’t care to listen to classical rock. I listen to some rap, but I actually kind of hated rap at this time, and I will listen to some country, but it can only be some country so it was like any of the music that I listen to from a childhood I could only listen to some of it I couldn’t listen to classical rock. I couldn’t really listen to country music, but I could kind of do it only be when it came to certain relationships if they were interested in it then my emotions would make me interested in it but at this time, I was very strong into modern day rock and punk rock like Three Days Grace and Pierce the Veil and Sleeping With Sirens the script the fray blue October five finger death punch cause those were the bands that are really close with my main relationship I had throughout that year just like supernatural was one of the relationships I was in was actually my best friend Quentin‘s ex it was crazy because we actually had a circle Quentin was with this one female and I was with the female that I thought was my true love when we were all best friends the two females were friends and us two guys were friends well the female and I split up and then those two split up because the female that he was with wanted to be with me and so we got together during this time I feel like I was mixed between picking people I was gonna keep around me and then people that were most likely not gonna be in my life anymore when I was 15 at this time was also the first time that I ever drank and also smoked weed from my sister, asking me if I wanted to do it on a date that we were on and because of other people being around I feel like I couldn’t say no because of the way that it was being presented to me and the words that they were saying about it made me feel like I was obligated to do it or I would’ve been less than them

_____


9th grade High school 

Fort Wayne, IN 

Well, this will probably be the shortest story of them all, but after that summer, I started back in school going to high school and I went to the same high school that the middle school first love of mine went to well in that time very short time we talked for like a week went to The high school dance is beginning of the year and then fell apart. When that happened I knew what medicine could give me a reaction and so I had taken that medicine during my time at school, which resulted in a reaction while I was at school and the ambulance had to show up because of that and I had taken medicine that was not mine and I also did it on school property. The school decided to expel me and this was only two months after me being in ninth grade well I got sent to a school called Ward, which is where the supposedly the bad kids go. I was there for about a month before my mom realized I was only around people that she called. We’re just like me so she had taken me out and said that I was gonna do homeschooling. I did homeschooling for about two days before I never looked at the computer again to do homeschooling and so at that point it became the highest completed grade that I ever completed only being middle school eighth grade and only being in high school for a public school for two months but altogether I had three months of ninth grade and that’s all I got to experience of high school. during that time of that current perspective I had and the environment I was creating for myself I didn’t care about what I was doing and one of the things I had done was go across town with my friend and we use my bosses truck because we were out seeing friends and at the time I was allowed to do it, but I didn’t ask for permission and that current moment but I plan on taking the truck back. Sadly I had fallen asleep a situation had to occur and it was reported well my mom actually ended up being friends with the officer that worked the case and so a few few weeks went by and one of the workers that worked on the crew for the roof roofing crew ended up telling on Me and ended up coming down to me no longer working with David which resulted in me having to get a real job I was still probably listening to the same type of music I was before when it came to rock music and was touching around, listening to other things that only friends were listening to at parties so some rap music or country if it was a country party and I would vibe with it a lot better [At this time. The person whom I feel so deeply in love with, my first love decided to end things. The way it was presented almost made me lose a huge chunk of my life. She had a therapist that she would go and see during those sessions. We were talked about not being together anymore and trying to find a way to end it. Well, we end up separating, and she told me to delete everything. I never deleted everything because it just seemed a weird feeling about it. I kept all of her messages all the things we’ve ever said to each other everything we had passed and I was on a date with someone else when I had gotten back to my house, there was officers waiting on me to ask questions because I thought I had raped her because that’s what she had told her family on why we needed to be separated while I had shown them the messages of the proof that they needed to see to see that that was not true and that she was just in a hurt state and wanted to move forward. I lost many friends over the situation ones that I didn’t try to get to understand the truth because I didn’t want her to have to be affected by the ones that would judge her and then she’d lose basically what I lost so there’s many friends that I lost that. I let continue thinking she was right and her whole family I think the same thing so that she could continue her reality and her family not judge her, but I would live the rest of my life with knowing that my first love, accuse me of something I didn’t do just because she wanted to get away from me and the only thing that saved me to continue the life that I had was the fact that I kept the proof] 
Music at this stage was huge on Three Days Grace, Five finger death punch, sleeping with sirens, pierce the vail, mayday parade, the script, the fray, blue October, chance the rapper, blackbear, and a few others. 
_____ 

Ages 16-17 

Fort Wayne, IN

At this age I was at a very big resentment and envy stage. I wanted to change my life completely improve everyone that knew me from before wrong or even if not wrong that everyone that knew me before that I liked and they liked me I wanted to show them that I at least became something and they didn’t meet. Just some random person, but I was also no longer in school and so I had to figure out what could I do to become something and so I had my friends who we did activities to make money probably not the best ones, but we created an MC none of us had motorcycles at the time we started it, but we treated it as such we had our meetings, we decided what we would and wouldn’t do we gave votes. I was the president of it. My friend Scott was a vice president Kylan, Colt, Sam, and Dawson we had a few other people come and go, but that was the main click that lasted the longest, but it ended up falling apart due to the fact that Scott was also the brother of my first love, which made things awkward and him choosing between his sister and continuing things with me, but Scott was also into his own things that he had brought votes to the table that got voted out, which made us fall apart. I decided to get back into gaming stay close with Quentin and just focus on work at this time. I was having my first legal job at checkers/rallys I learned that up north is rallies and down south is checkers so people up north their perspective based on that environment is rallies and down south their perspective in their environment. It’s checkers. When I worked at Rallys, I had managers that to this day. Any job I’ve ever had. They’ve stayed in my mind and I haven’t forgotten anything they’ve ever told me not that everything they said was ever perfect, but just the fact that in that time my perspective environment, it seemed very serious to me And it has helped me in ways that we’re great. It was never anything opinion base or buy a space it was strictly cleaning things counting things basically things that I fail to learn in school they taught me, but I had a manager who I looked up to a lot. He also had ADHD as well, but one thing he would always tell me is that nothing is ever perfect. Nothing is ever done no matter what you do. It can always be better. He made it for the aspect of if you clean something you can always be cleaner, but that’s something that I’ve actually lived with for the longest time That would be mention more in adulthood I also had a female manager, who I actually looked at as my mother sometimes just simply because the fact when I was 17, I had gotten into some activities which resulted in my mom kicking me out at 17 and that’s when I actually lived with my friend Quentin until I was 18 when I was 17 I had gotten with someone that their father was a landlord and because of that I was able to get a place that was a duplex apartment before I was even 18 but it was closer to downtown on the south side of Fort Wayne versus the north side, which I had always lived on anytime I lived in Fort Wayne besides the time that in sixth grade the second middle school we went to was not on the south side or the north side it was kind of on the outer side of Fort Wayne that relationship ended up falling apart though with her, but he still let me keep the place if I wasn’t writing poems then I was probably just listening to music mostly focused on multiple different genres because I couldn’t find something that really clicked with me
[Music at this age was Blackbear and three days grace]
______ 

18 years old 

Fort Wayne, IN 

The day I turned 18 I became a manager at Rallys as a teenager before I turned 18 I was already working shifts that were crazy. I would work lunch, rush, leave and then come back and then I would work dinner, rush, and then close because I wasn’t in school the current laws of me needing to be home I wasn’t sure if they didn’t apply to me but it wasn’t listened to and someone tried to make a point about it. I was kinda a butt hole but the day I turned 18 and I became a manager because of my work ethic the store I had worked at was on the north side, but I lived on the downtown southside, but I would also go and work at all the other rallies in Fort Wayne because I constantly would want to help out. I had nothing else to do the only thing I wanted to do was just work all the time and so I worked at my store and then I would go and help at other stores too. One of the managers I had from when I was younger for starting out was the same time. She first started out, but she was the shift manager and I was just a crew member as a teenager so she basically watched me from the ages 16 up until early adulthood just like the other two managers I mentioned, but I was really close with her but I’m not sure if it’s because of her being into the same sex I was into but it helped communicating a lot and the fact that I grew up with a lot of females in my life and only very few father figures I connected with females a lot more than males that I should’ve shown with who my teachers were in school too and how I would react when getting in trouble so I’d say not having a father figure that much made it to where I didn’t feel like I had to maybe listen to males or even show emotions to males but as only one month passes throughout my time going from my store to my home, I had passed downtown Rallys in Fort Wayne, which is where my old manager would work while going there. I had seen someone else that worked there and so because I was attracted to that person I kept going there every night after I close my store and would help them close their store sometimes I would clock in and sometimes I wouldn’t and I would just help out, but I was never there to actually even make money. I was actually only there because that woman is someone I was deeply attracted to but she wasn’t like anyone that I had ever been with before. A lot of the people I were with were either very nerdy or very popular which are too completely different people, but even this woman wasn’t even any of those. She grew up on the southside and had a very hard, rough ghetto life I did not know about this the time I had met her. I had only seen a woman that shown that she had an attitude and could get bossy if she needed to. I always seen that she was organized and I seen that she had the potential to be a manager too. Her work ethic was just like mine and I absolutely loved it and when we worked together, we would just move around each other without even thinking and just knew what the other one wanted to do and everything well not even a month after I had met her we had already gotten into a relationship one night I had gotten off work and I had gone home and typically when I would get home just like even when I lived with my mom when I was a teenager my cat would always be waiting on me the entire time I was gone just waiting either in the window or door to wait to see me this night when I got home. I did not see that and so I went upstairs and when I went into my room and I looked across the floor I see my cat just laying there, and I had seen my cat breathing, but I could tell that it was very heavy breathing and as soon as I laid my hand on my cat, my cat stopped breathing I instantly didn’t know how to react and just kept telling myself. It wasn’t real. There’s no way this is real. I instantly got into my car drove downtown to where the female manager worked that had no many sense of teenager was there also was the female I was attracted to, but that wasn’t why I was going there and then three months later i Jaron Kyler Bragg ended up getting married on 11.28.16  to Heather Doris Meeks when I met her, she already had two kids Kurtis Franklin Lamonte Meeks and Isabella Doris Nicole Meeks. The situation with that was Kurtis her son being the oldest she had when she was 15, but it wasn’t up to her. There was a situation that occurred where she was kidnapped and something happened, which got her pregnant, but she never resented the child and instead kept him and took care of him as 100% only her child and then surely after that, she ended up having her first daughter, Isabella aka Izzy. Isabella‘s real dad was in the picture before I was ever in the picture. It was a relationship they had off and on for eight years, but they fell apart because he had things going on and just was not supportive of his daughter, and then with Kurtis, never being able to see his father because of the situation on why he was born. I seen two kids that didn’t have a father just like I did in many situations and so I said, I will help take care of them as if they are my own well a few months go by and I was cheated on a few times which caused some issues. My vehicle was also being used for cheating we separated. The first conversation, Heather and I actually had actually asked to do with the music topic at this time because I was selling a certain substance which resulted in me being around certain people with certain perspectives and different environments based on the downtown environment I was also living in help me be more into rap genre And so at this time I was listening to Kevin Gates was probably my only rap music I would actually be OK with and listen to consistently and the day I actually first worked with Heather she was playing Kevin Gates and playing a song that said I don’t have time for that and I made a joke to her saying I don’t have time for that and then the next day I told her hey I really think I got time for that the night that my cat died Heather had actually came to my place and offered me a sub substance which then became something I got addicted to. It was cocaine. Well while doing it, the landlord of my old ex walked in without knocking and seen me doing it and then told me I had to get out we moved in with Heather and her parents for a bit only a few blocks from my old place. Same land lord I had ironically which is funny because I mowed heathers parents house a few times to pay for rent so I would’ve met her two different ways if not the other  before Dean died I ended up getting another cat that was also gone because of the female that helped me even get the place because her father was my landlord. That cats name was Moose, also named after supernatural because I already had a cat named Dean and I didn’t want to just do a cat named Sam. I went with what Sam’s nickname was which was moose 
[music at this age was only Kevin gates as a  rapper] 

_____

18-19 

Marion, IN 

Even though my childhood had issues from one of the people I lived with I ended up moving back to Marion, Indiana, which at that time my uncle had lived there and no longer in gas city and was no longer married to who I used to call my aunt when I was younger, but instead was with a different woman Well, I lived with my uncle for about a month or two before Heather and I got back in contact Marion and was abused by a female who was an alcoholic, but Heather reached out and told me she has been pregnant since before I left she just doesn’t want to leave me on telling me it’s mine because I knew about her cheating, but she said that there is a chance and I told her I don’t even care if there’s a one percent chance that child is mine she will not be born into this world without me being there and so I got a place in Marion and I moved Heather and her kids and with me away from her environment because the environment she was in the kids had end up getting really bad bedbugs, roaches, and lice. We did all the things we needed to do and I gave them all new everything when they moved in with me so they could start completely from scratch but not from scratch and have nothing. I already got them everything they had but brand new. We lived in Marion Indiana for a bit and that’s when my real blood father reached out to me and all of a sudden wanted to be a father in my life because he could be a grandfather now my father himself has a bunch of kids with my mom. He had two alone which is me and then my sister Janessa only a year older than me. My sister Jerrika has a completely different father, but from my father, his oldest child is actually my sister Janessa. I’m his second oldest, and then his third oldest would be his son Austin my brother (different mom than rest), Cassidy my other sister (different mom than rest)  and then it would be Bryce my other brother, and then it would be Jayden, another brother and then Brayden and Zayden all youngest of my fathers sons having the same mom though too like me and my sister Janessa. When Heather moves in Hazel actually ends up being born in Marion, Indiana just like I was. I was there the day she was born and for a few appointments before she was born well a few weeks after Hazel was born I could tell by her skin complexion that she was not my daughter and that she was actually mixed and considering I’m white and Heather is white. That was a tough realization for me, but it didn’t stop me from saying that I was going to take care of her. I still treated her as my own daughter with my birthday being in September and Hazel being born in October, I had turned 19 just before she was born and she ended up having a birthday right after Kurtis’s birthday which he was born 10.11.12 and hazels birthday was the 12th well as time had gone on I thought I was getting close to my dad. He was teaching me how to work on mopeds how to work on cars how to fix washer and dryers and even how to do plumbing, but he was also selling weed to me while also charging me for a motorcycle that I never even got to see in my possession. It stayed in his possession because he said that he was building it and working on it for me. I just had to keep making payments before I could even get it and doing so it resulted in me having to choose between paying my bills for the place I stayed at with my kids or paying my father and I told my father the situation and he told me that if I don’t pay him, he was going to show up and fight me and it was going to be an issue and So I said I could pay you but then what do I do about not having a place to stay he said you guys can come stay with me, but I need my money and so I paid Him and we lost our place to stay after me working hard to get it and moving the family there while we live with my father on top of me having a bunch of cats at this time. I had experience working in Rallys and so it felt more comfortable staying in the fast food industry and so I’m going to Marion. I worked at Subway Burger King and Taco Bell. I was deep into listening to rap music based on everyone around me being a married again that is a high topic, but my father was into a lot of redneck rap, which really wasn’t my style, but Heather coming from her environment was huge in the wrap, so I listen to a lot of her music a lot but then my music also expanded to which became about my current perspective and environment favorite artist to listen to which was NBA YoungBoy and then Quando Rondo I still heavily listen to Kevin Gates, but I was more resonating with NBA YoungBoy because of me realizing the way he moved the way he organized things the way he presented himself seems like a boss at this time a lot of self reflecting was happening with. I want my lifestyle to be like that I want to have a car I want to have a house that’s super nice. I wanted to have this type of outfit. I wanna wear this type of watch. I want people to see me from me coming from nothing like he did and so I lived on 7th and boots in Marion IN I had friends who were into music and I told them about my past with helping people organize doing music and could possibly start a music record label up and so instead we started to click called ACES which was taken from my MC as a teenager called ACES just turned it into a group (Gang as we called it) I had people that I had multiple different connections with and would resell those things. Well tension ended up happening in the neighborhood. I lived in and people started shooting at my house, which resulted in shots going right beside my daughter‘s head while she was sleeping and only a few inches closer I wouldn’t have my daughter Hazel today and because of that we decided to leave Marion altogether because my mother told me that she would not continue to be in my life if that’s why I was going to bring to my kids I also ended up having a cat named ninja, which was a female and she ended up having kittens because of moose I had a cat named Luca Brasi named after Kevin Gates and then the kids had all the other cats name too, but there was a time that we had seven cats and a time that we had 28 cats basically too much
[NBA Youngboy, Quando Rondo, Kevin Gates, Yungeen Ace, Jaydayoungin were main music at this age] 
______ 

Ages  20-21

Fort Wayne, IN 

Around this time is when my blood son was born Kyler Michael Wade Bragg. Kyler being from my middle name, Michael is from him being named after the archangel in supernatural, and the Wade comes from that being the same middle name as the old lead singer of Three Days Grace, so the two shows that helped me in my darkest time is as a teenager is also what I named my son after including myself but was crazy about when he was born is that he was born on 10 October, which then makes three Of My Kids’s birthday the 10th the 11th and the 12th of October. Heather and I both got jobs and the food industry again both going back to Rallys. We were actually staying in a motel that was known for very bad activity while having these four kids one being a newborn during this time the only game I could play was on my phone and it was called PUBG. I also had a laptop. I would walk down to the truckstop and I would make my own first 2-D game and then I started working on a 3-D game as time went on and we saved up money and things were going decent until they weren’t. We had DCS cases financial issues every time we got things together a few weeks later to a few months later we would be back to where we were like. Nothing happened and no progress was made well. my father ended up, reaching out to us and as we were explaining what was going on, he proposed that he was moving to Muncie and suggested we tagalong. At this time, I had lost my cats and didn’t have any animals 
During this era of us at the motel, the mother of my kids didn’t spend every night with us. She often would yell at me and say she doesn’t want me so she could leave and go to the motel across the street to be with her person she was currently cheating on me with. The next morning she would show up like it didn’t happen and if I said anything it would repeat the next night so I had to learn after months and months that I had to just accept it if I wanted to continue to be around my kids I was raising. 
[NBA YB and Quando rondo for music] 

______

Age 22

Muncie, IN 

We moved in with my father for a bit and that means we had my four kids and then my father‘s sons so we had eight kids altogether and then Heather and I being two adults and then my father and my stepmom also being two adults things were going good for a few months until I found out that I was having relationship issues with cheating again and results to that when I had confronted Heather about it she decided to dress up and leave well. My father and stepmom said that she is not taking Hazel and Kyler so they stayed with me and when Heather left she took Curtis and Izzy and so this was the first time the kids were split up and it was because of Heather and I When Heather left I ended up having to get it two jobs instead of just one I was working night shift at Taco Bell and then I was remodeling trailers from the ground up with my father anything from plumbing to electrical to flooring walls cabinets. It didn’t matter everything which I learned a lot in that process of building homes and even structures on top of my dad, teaching me again the other stuff that he was already teaching me before, but only more like mopeds cars, and appliances well I ended up getting into a relationship with somebody for about a month and a half who was a very nice woman would cook for me. Every single day would even help come and see the kids when I would stay the night and I would bring the kids over. She was very welcoming to the kids, but I just couldn’t do it because I was still in love with the Mother Of My Kids and she ended up reaching out to me and she was actually staying with Isabella‘s real dad which, ironically, he was living at the place, I first lived in, which is also the place that Heather and I met at.


_____

Age 22 

Fort Wayne, IN 

I moved and with Heather and Isabella’s real dad James, who lived in the place I lived in when I first got a place which is also a few blocks away from Heather’s parents, which is where Heather grew up also where she met James, which is also only down the road from where I buried my cat Dean about eight blocks away was a Dollar General and so the way I would walk I would walk down this road and one day I seen a group of people outside on a porch and when I walked past, I smelled that they were smoking and I said hit that for me they said why don’t you come hit it yourself and so I went and I was smoking with them and they started free styling and I told them hey I actually used to do stuff with people that did stuff with music. I could possibly help you and that’s when ACS Association started it wasn’t an official music record label but in our world it was I had a few different artists at that time even the ones that I had back in Marion from when I first started doing things with certain activities on seventh and boots Street well I ended up getting really close with one of the guys and he ended up becoming one of my main artist well in this process they ended up getting a place and we ended up moving in with them around this time we ended up getting a tax check that was worth $10,000 which we use a lot for getting a vehicle paying bills for a bit and then we also used it for certain substances that we planned on flipping to make more money wow in the process of that we started getting very behind our electric went out. Our water went out and then DCS got called and when DCS showed up with a bunch of cops, I grabbed my two youngest kids, Hazel and Kyler when they were just in diapers in October the day of Halloween, which is also Heather‘s birthday and ran out the back door through the bushes through the neighbors house and down six blocks and call my mom to have my mom come pick up my kids well, I had a warrant at the time and had to turn myself in which DCS ended up getting the kids anyways this is the first time Heather and I ended up losing the kids to DCS. We ended up becoming homeless and living in a car, the car we had was a droptop that when I would record music with my artist, we would smoke and sit on it, and we would put our cigarettes and blunts out on the hood of the droptop which resulted in a bunch of holes being in it so when my wife and I would sleep in the car and the winner we would wake up with ice and snow on us at this time. My mom was out of the country on a traveling trip but ended up letting us stay at her place when it came around February so it was pretty much after winter so from October to February we lived in a car being homeless. We stayed at my mom‘s for a bit until we got back up on her feet and got another place and then I ended up going to jail for a marijuana charge and in the process it resulted in a bunch of back-and-forth relationship issues I was being irresponsible. I kept wanting to invest into things and do things. I just didn’t know what and so I would sometimes do things with my artist to promote that, but I had an issue with my artist ever being serious about actually doing music consistently like I wanted to. I knew it needed to be to actually go anywhere at this time, I lost my first artist smoov to gun violence, which really affected me in a hard way, but I managed to make it through it from the motivation of telling myself. The other artist I help make it proves that I could’ve helped you make it too, so hopefully you can at least be proud of me for that and I just keep telling myself that even if it might be silly or not true, it doesn’t matter it helps my perspective understand my reality based on my current environment, which helps me continue.

_______
Ages 23-25 

Fort Wayne IN,  Marion IN, Brazil IN

Heather and I were back together and we were doing decent both working consistently still moving around every once in a while back-and-forth between Fort Wayne and Marion, and then later Brazil. At this time, I feel like I was very ego and pride and futuristic driven, but still not making any of the right responsibility steps to achieve these things. I kept picturing me pulling up to this very tall building my door being open for me and I step out and I look up and I see this very tall building with my company name on it and then I walk inside. I go on this elevator and I go all the way up to the top floor and I walk into this room with Over 12 people sitting at a table and one spot being empty and it’s at the very end of the table and I go and sit there and ask what’s today’s update where we at and I just lived with that in my head for so long up until later in my adulthood But during this time, my current perspective and environment was not allowing me to see anything else based on my current knowledge and what I thought to be right in my perspective and my reality I ended up getting another marijuana charge. Well also getting a charge that had to do with me being in a vehicle that was not mine and where is my marijuana charge I ended up being told that I needed to go on house arrest well this was also around the time when Covid first became a thing and I got super drunk before I was supposed to start my house arrest and I showed up to community corrections knocking on the door like it was someone’s house and which resulted in a bunch of cops showing up and telling me to go home. I told them if I go home I’ll get in trouble anyways so you might as well arrest me now they do not want to do it so I kept touching them like I was playing tag to try to get them to arrest me. They kept over and over telling me to go home. I don’t wanna do this but after the eighth tonight time they said if you really want to then we’ll do it and they took me to jail and that’s when I got my first felony battery on an officer when I woke up the next day, I was very upset, but I had gotten out of jail and I ended up going and staying with my friend Quentin while I was on probation, I had to do a month in jail to take care of my marijuana charge and that month while I was in jail, I had to go to the hole where I had no communication with anyone from the outside World well after I got out the Mother Of My Kids was with Hazel‘s real dad, but that’s because before I went to jail when I was very drunk, I told Ed that I had messed up and I wanted him to be there for his daughter because it was my responsibility to take care of her and because I failed she should see who her real dad is and hopefully he does better than what I did and so Heather and Him got together and got a place which helped Heather get the kids back this is around the time I was 23 when I got out of jail and I was staying with my friend Quentin Heather and Ed, which is Hazel‘s real. Dad reached out and asked me if I wanted to come stay with them to help watch the kids and I said yes so I moved in with my wife and her boyfriend which was also her baby dad they only stayed together for a few weeks before Heather left him and ended up getting with another person which then he ended up moving in with us so at this point I ended up living with my wife, her boyfriend and her baby dad so after watching her be with other people, I got to the point where the emotional attachment wasn’t as strong as caring about what she did with other people one thing she did always do though was show respect to me when we weren’t together she just has an issue with being honest about things but that’s expected considering the life she’s lived the people that’s betrayed her and their heart. She’s had to deal with from the perspective that she has. I can’t complain concerning the environments she has been in and the perspectives others, and those environments have had to her well as time goes on. They weren’t paying any bills which resulted in them getting an eviction notice. Heather‘s boyfriend ended up, leaving her and then Hazel‘s dad ended up just up and leaving too, which just left Heather and I with the place but getting evicted which made it to where we ended up moving to Marion Indiana again back with my father again well while we were with my father and things seemed normal we would go out to the bars go play bingo and stuff like that well in that process the Mother Of My Kids Heather, my wife found out that my stepmom was cheating on my dad and so we had confronted my dad about it, which resulted in her getting mad and telling him that he has to kick us out or she’s leaving him so my dad once again kicked us out which then we moved to Brazil Indiana with Heather‘s parents because they moved down south but Heather‘s parents were no longer together by the time we moved down there and it was just her father with someone else we stayed with them for a bit but because we just up and left Fort Wayne Indiana to go to my dad‘s. I was still on probation, which resulted in me having a warrant well while I was in Brazil, Indiana almost 2 years after we left Fort Wayne and I went on the run we stayed with her dad for a bit before we ended up getting our own trailer and having our own place again in Brazil we were there for quite some time even I stayed there for a bit longer, but when we got our own place and we are there after a year of us working hard we ended up getting a decent size tax check that was $22,000. We paid up all of our bills for six months because of our past we said that we want to not even think about that for a very long time and for the very first time we invested money into something and we actually got a very great opportunity. we ended up buying a house for $10,000 but it needed a lot of work mostly just needing to be cleaned out. It had a lot of trash inside and just was missing like cabinets and stuff basically all the work that I learned throughout my lifetime I knew how to do all of this so I literally seen it as a gold mine. The house was valued at 75,000 the last time it was in good condition and I got it for 10,000 and it only would’ve costed me no more than 8000 to completely fix it up so I would’ve had that complete flipped within six months. Well I was also working at Wendy’s at the time as well as Heather and in the process of me working there we were already having relationship issues due to her being able to not be committed to one single person, but it wasn’t something she really had from me. She was very open about she couldn’t understand why she just needs that affection from not just me, but just knowing people in the world care about her which I’ve never questioned or judged. I just left it as it is. I love her and that’s what I care about so if I want her to be in my reality environment either I have to accept that or I have to accept getting over her. Does it mean what she’s doing is bad it’s only if I have that perspective to perceive it as bad and I’m not saying anyone should have to change your perspective and be OK with these things because this was a very big process for me that came with a cost like increased anxiety to the point where I shake so bad that I feel like a washer that’s unbalanced and I’m sweating to the point where my clothes get soaked, but I’m absolutely freezing, which is making me shake even more as adulthood goes on that changes too, but I was at Wendy’s making sandwiches when my manager walks up to me and says there’s an officer here to see you and so I go out and the officer there knows about my warrant because someone had said something and they’re there to arrest me I got arrested and was in Brazil county for about two weeks before I got transported to Fort Wayne. I was in jail for six months in a program called JCAP it is for drug addiction in that program. I met a lot of amazing people one I got a new artist too. I got a very close friend that before I was even in the program when we were just a regular soulmates, Him and I helped each other in situations and then the fact that we got selected when only 10 people got selected out of 800 was a very crazy thing that happened well also another person I met in that program was named Lawrence and he helped me tremendously when I was in jail while I was in jail the Mother Of My Kids ended up getting with another female, and this man that I was in jail with Wood play chess with me every day, but also would make me work out every single day too, and when we are working out, he would say thanks to me like that that’s why you’re woman is doing something with another woman is because you’re not man enough which would get me goingreally hard and would make me work out even harder. I worked out so much that it got to the point that I was able to flex my pecks and that is a lot for me, considering the fact that my whole life I’ve always been small the last five years I’ve pretty much weighed the same thing and the same size. I’m 5’4 and weigh 115 now but got up to 145 when I was in jail, which is the most I’ve ever weighed during that time of me being in jail my grandma had passed away which no one had told me for a few days, but the lady that was running the program, I even kept feeling a weird vibe when she would come around me. I actually thought I was gonna be kicked out the program like I did something wrong, but I couldn’t figure out what well one day she asked for me to step away from everybody and she let me use her personal phone while I was in jail, which wasn’t technically allowed, but because of her status, she was allowed to OK it and I talk to my family and my mom about it and it was something I didn’t deal with while I was in jail cause it wasn’t a place you can deal with emotions. You have to just kind of shut them off. Is what people tell you, but that wasn’t always the case for me. I still look back at times and realized that there were a lot of times when it was a one on one situation I would have a heartfelt moment with someone else so it’s like an image that said but isn’t always 100% true it just depends on the perspective of that person based on the environment you’re in are you instead of so when I’m with somebody are you out of the cell with around a bunch of people where ego becomes the main driver and that environment I had gotten out of jail and I moved in with my mom in Fort Wayne, Indiana for a few weeks before Heather reached out to me and asked me to come back to Brazil Indiana because she wanted to see if things would work so she broke up her relationship and I move back. I was only there for two days before Heather kept spacing off and didn’t seem happy. I told her that I know her enough that I understand she’s not happy and if she believes that she needs to be happy, requires her being with that woman to go chase her and be with her I’m not here to prevent her from anything. I truly want her to be happy regardless of what I want what I truly want is her happiness and so I helped them get back together and in the process this was another time that I had Hazel and Kyler but this time for the first time I had all four kids all by myself back at the trailer in Brazil, Indiana and Heather left. I ended up getting a factory job for the fact that I needed more money well also getting my job back at Wendy’s so I was working two jobs again while taking care of the four kids Heather sister ended up moving in with me to help babysit the kids and in the process she ended up having her boyfriend over and a situation occurred where my kids had gotten hurt and then the process DCS got involved again and because Heather was far away now and it was just me and I couldn’t have Jasmin watch the kids. I could no longer watch the kids myself and work and so I had to have DCS take the kids once again which they create a wall between Heather and I for a bit but as time went on, Heather ended up getting the kids back and we’ve been just coparenting since. Heather sister had a boyfriend which also worked at Wendy’s with me while I worked. There also ended up becoming one of my artist for a short time. Period before the situation had occurred. After getting out of jail, and my grandma passed and I lost a close friend. This was the time that I vowed that I would never harm anyone else ever again.

______

Ages 26-27

Brazil IN, Greencastle IN

At the beginning of me being 26 I was just very focused on gaming working and sending Heather money every week to help out what I could since I had no more day-to-day things and from the time I was 18 up until this time I was either a father every day or I was incarcerated This time I wasn’t but I had a lot of things I had to do to deal with DCS to see my kids and all this stuff as that went on that got taken care of and that ended, but I just got more into gaming and I was really into games that had to do with role-playing like Arma 3 and Arma Reforger  I liked playing as a cop, but I also had a group called the mafia. I was a good cop and a bad cop. I actually was the main alliance that was the bridge between all other alliances that didn’t get along. I tried out a few relationships that didn’t really work but then stayed to myself for quite some time. Just not even wanting a relationship wanting to just be alone and be a father. Try to see if that helped me have a better life wow as time went on I ended up deciding that I might want to try a relationship, so I downloaded an app and tried to dating app and in the process I met someone named autumn her and I talked for a few months before I decided to leave my trailer and not have it anymore after the years of having it the longest place we ever had and being with her went all right for a bit, but during November 2024, I got really into gaming which created issues between her and I and she didn’t want to continue unless I stopped so I stopped gaming altogether, which made me feel like I resented her in a way and I couldn’t just not stimulate my brain with something so even though I stopped gaming I just got hugely into stocks and crypto and then she said I just became so obsessed with that I didn’t spend time with her, but I was investing a lot of money I had over $1500 invested in a lot of that being profit while the market was at. It’s major crash so a lot of people are around the world we’re losing money. I was managing to make money like a lot of the big players were and I was trying to be proud of that but the person I was with wasn’t letting me be proud of that. I kept telling her the life that I’ve lived when I finally get an opportunity like this there’s no way I can’t take it. I need to do this for my kids. Everything I invest this is all for them and she would tell me well if you wanna be here for your kids and do something for your kids. You need to not worry about that and just spend that money for us to go do things and I will tell her, but sometimes you have to make a sacrifice now so you could have a better life later and all I’ve done my whole life is sacrifice things and waste things and all this and I was like I want to make an actual sacrifice that actually changes my life not live the same loop anymore, but it wasn’t enough for her so she told me that if I didn’t start spending my money on time with her and effort with her, then she wasn’t gonna be with me anymore so I started spinning my crypto and as I got down to only $200 I also sold my car which I took to work and my job was in Brazil, Indiana, where she lived in Greencastle, Indiana, but her mom was my transportation to my job and refused to spend anymore during this time I was having some resentment and was like I’m going to figure out a way to invest my money and make a plan to where I could leave around this time. I was also first started using ChatGPT I started making plans for buying a sub boat and creating this business and becoming this whole person all based off of me buying the elbow and buying equipment to make jewelry and even hunt for treasure, while streaming the whole time just to make money and I was just gonna create this whole business and that business was gonna start another one and it was just gonna keep on going and I was gonna become this person that all these people would regret and would look at and think oh I should’ve stayed cool with this person. This guy has this status now this guy is doing this now but things didn’t go so good she told me that she couldn’t work out the relationship anymore and I had gotten kicked out and I had to move back to Brazil with no place to go and so I got a motel room for about a week I was working 12 hour shifts I was also walking two hours to work from the motel I was staying at to where my work was so I was working basically 16 to 17 hours a day while getting very little sleep well the first two days of this during my walk and stuff and me making my plan to escape. I was creating things that had to do with energy and I was studying the pyramids a lot when it came to granite quartz and piezo material wrapped in copper because just like videos I was seeing I would say people talk about pyramids and energy. Well I needed energy for my boat to be able to be self sustaining in the process of doing this and also in the process of firing out where I was going to travel around the world and the Caribbean on my sailboat I learned about a town in El Salvador that has less than 2000 people in it and every day they walk 2 miles to collect water and they have no electricity and in that moment when I seen that and realize that something in me hurt realizing that I’m over here trying to make an escape because I think everything I went through in my life was so bad but yet there’s people across the world in a different environment. That would probably love to have any of the perspectives I’ve ever had throughout my entire life but they probably couldn’t even imagine those perspectives because their environment is so different so to them my perspectives would seem sci-fi  but the point was that I couldn’t sit there and try to create this escape for me when this was the case and so I told myself that no matter what the main thing I care about is helping people and other environments and if they need a new perspective to give them that, and if they don’t want it to step away basically to assist when assistance is wanted from me, but only wanted or even needed now if someone needs my help, but doesn’t understand enough to even want it it’s just something that both realities may need adjusting to so both realities can merge and it not affect the perspectives or environments and is seriously created such a drive in me that I could not stop. I knew I had to complete this. I knew that I had to spend every second treating this as this is something I need to complete today and every day I treated it as I was going to complete it that day which this resulted in a very spontaneous mind sparking scenarios that a lot of perspectives could be calling them theories, but of course that’s only perspective and environmental based if you do not have the evidence from that perspective and environment then of course from your perspective and environment it will be a theory in the process of doing that I got very bad blisters on my feet before I couldn’t afford it and then I had to stay in a tent. I stayed in a tent and kept my job in Brazil. A month goes by and it’s February 2025 and with me staying in a tent and working, I was able to save up massive amount of money back into investing again. Because of me walking to work and having blisters on my feet, I was constantly tired and ended up falling asleep at Work, which resulted in me getting fired from that job. I then was not only homeless but without a job too there were countless times I could’ve used the money. I had to get a place, but I was choosing not to. I was no longer in a state of being homeless because I was forced to, but simply because I was willing to There was no issue I was having I had my privacy area. I had everything I needed food every day I was warm every day I had everything taken care of. I was completely self sustaining and I was using McDonald’s Wi-Fi every day to create projects. I was even making five projects minimum a day I couldn’t stop, but I was also feeling like I was losing it because some perspectives based on the person I could be looked at as spiraling or a theorist getting into all these conspiracy theories, the way I look at it is not conspiracy theories, or anything I look at it as this was a story that was said by somebody for some reason from their perspective environment there is Truth to them in their reality so regardless, if it’s real or not real, I should take it into consideration because one if someone can think something that’s something can happen so they just treat it as in nobody’s doing it seems crazy but to treat it as in everyone’s doing it also seems crazy so why worry about what someone is doing if you don’t truly know, just take what you can from it And move forward. A lot of the things I designed can be looked at as sci-fi too, but it would also depend on the perspective and the environment. The person is looking at it from certain professions can see things as being possible, where a certain professions cannot same thing from environmental based things, but I started creating things that I shouldn’t of been able to create. I was doing experiments that I didn’t even understand I was doing and I couldn’t stop learning things. Well I was also on probation for the time I was in Greencastle and driving to work I had gotten pulled over And was smoking marijuana and got another marijuana charge while while I was on probation for this charge and homeless I asked the judge to just let me do my jail time this was only 10 days though, but that 10 days I was in jail I read a book called think again by Adam Grant. I also learned Morse code and I also was reading things every day about chemistry biology plants and nature when I had gotten out, I had gotten a bike I had gotten a cart and I gotten a bunch of stuff and I decided to travel with my bike across state, which took me three days to get from Brazil, Indiana to Danville Illinois. I had camped each night in the process at random towns while still working on projects throughout the whole time meaning a bunch of different people telling them that my journey, I plan to just travel and be live while I do it and people pick where I get to go eat see and even explore, but in the process, I would be going to colleges and universities sharing my knowledge with the younger generation hoping that even though I miss my opportunity, maybe me going to them while they’re in their opportunity can help somebody else with the same things that I know and if they don’t want to take it with them then that’s also OK. I just wanted to be a seed but ironically, I didn’t pay attention to the time of year it was and because I was out of school for so long and didn’t have my kids with me. I wasn’t paying attention to the fact that it was now summer at that time and school and colleges and universities were not in session and so I decided to be very bummed out and hurt about it, and I ended up spending all my crypto that I had on marijuana since I was in a legal state and I just camped and smoked it all and when I was out, I called my mom and my mom drove to get me. This is July now 2025  And I am back in Fort Wayne and I even start working for the same roofing company. My mom was working for also the same roofing company I worked for when I was a teenager when I was 15 before I messed up and stole my boss’s truck, but being back at that company, I was making very good money while having a place to stay. I was also still creating things writing things and everything I made multiple games multiple different blueprints designs books games system API AI bridges and frameworks during this time is when I vowed that I would never charge for food, water or land

__________

Age 28 (current) 

Greencastle IN, Fort Wayne IN 

As the end of the year wrapped up in 2025 I actually got back with autumn and move back to Greencastle, but it only lasted for a month before it fell apart, and I moved back to Fort Wayne with my mom before summer starts so I can work for the roofing company again this year because I’ll be running my own crew making more money than I’ve ever made before. I’m currently working at Subway as of right now throughout the winter to help pay child support but age 28 till now has been a wild ride even though it’s been less than six months not the wild ride that it’s been before but this time different. My understanding of things are to a point where people understand understanding me seems almost impossible and even systems struggle to keep up with me and even understand me and it’s not that it makes me special. It’s just I’ve been in so many different environments which has created so many different perspectives that it creates this way of thinking to where I don’t have just a yes or no or this or that I also don’t care if someone has an issue with someone else I don’t let it affect what I use to say, think or feel for instance a lot of my knowledge comes from me being able to extract principles from things, regardless of my own opinion on that thing, I can sit here and not agree with something, but still not letting it affect me to the point where I refuse to learn about it so I’m not saying you have to love everything i’m not here to say you should do anything. I’m more of your telling myself how I think but one thing I can’t say how I think is the second you only 100% dislike something you prevent yourself from learning more about it and can’t obtain any knowledge from it and the best way to build something is to know the things you don’t like but if you don’t learn the things you don’t like you don’t know truly everything about it to not actually like or dislike it like the world runs on statistics and status then you would think deeper research would be cared about but again I’m not here to make a statement on what someone could say do or think before any other action is given by them but for me myself the way I work the way I need my reality to stay is not picking one thing, but picking all things and extracting principles like for instance I don’t care if somebody made this technology and somebody else made a technology to go against it if those two people disagree with each other and try to say you should do this and not this that does not mean I have to take that into consideration that is not mean that my perspective has to become their perspective now because then I’m only canceling myself out of that other perspective that I might be missing which also means I’m canceling myself out of an opportunity say I’m making a system for instance and I’m using two technologies It gives me a better optimized chance versing only using one technology and I might miss something. And because I learned that way, I feel like I can’t build in a way that might prevent someone else too so I like to build things in ways where less Me is in it because more of Me might be constraints resident if it’s more freely open system, it might give somebody else an ability that I did not create And another reason I want to say why I don’t agree on trying to force my perspective on someone else is because as much as we disagree with each other, which I’m not saying justifies this at all, but in all reality and any environment, regardless of perspective, everything has an opposite, and if it is not have an opposite, then it collapses we see this in science when it comes to magnets, there’s negative and positive we see it in beliefs we see it in the greatest businesses in the world and they’re competitors we see it in governments we see in nature we see it in our solar system, and even in the universe, our materials everything but what makes it beautiful about humans on why I say I can’t change someone else’s perspective isn’t based on the things. I just said it’s based on the fact that without this other person having a different perspective and me having mine if we both had the same, we increase the chance of us creating the same thing instead of creating things that could be completely different and is different always bad. I don’t agree because there will be people that are agree to this thing, but in another environment and perspective, they might disagree with it and dislike it and say another way should be happening or this is how another way can happen or this is how I’m doing it in this way, so just because I might be wrong or right about something based on my perspective and environment creates that but based on someone else’s perspective and environment can alter that it’s also comes and to play on when I create things it’s hard for me to draw the line between things people need like food, water, and land versus things people want because I could even create something people want and depending on perspective and environment it can actually be something that ends up affecting someone whether that being addiction because of not understanding perspective on life  or whether that be environmental harm


(March 14th 2026. I got into a relationship with an 18 year old woman named Lillith. It didn’t start as a relationship. Months prior to this news had broken out about Epstein. I made major post about age limits. Well during my building phase of SYL and learning myself after finally having control of my life. I started talking to a woman named Lillith because she was currently doing schooling for 3D animation, has connections with the Mayor, professors, and great community skills. I myself made the realization that the only way to ensure SYL is for the next generation is if the next generation was the ones making choices. So i decided she needed to be the face of SYL, I was just someone helping someone get the position they deserve. In this process I fell hard. We both work together at this time at Subway. We started dating the 14th of March. A few weeks later we found out she’s pregnant. Current today’s date as I log this is April 18th 2026. I now have another child coming to the world

_________

Reflection (Age 28, January 2026):
Looking back on the DCS involvement, I can now see things I couldn’t see then. At the time, I was angry - I felt like the system was taking my kids away from me. And in some ways, that was true. But I can also see now that I wasn’t in a position to provide what they needed. The instability, the substance use, the housing insecurity - these were real problems.
DCS didn’t destroy my family. They intervened in a situation that was already failing. Could they have done it better? Probably. Did they cause additional trauma? Yes. But did they also prevent worse outcomes? I think so.
This is why I’m building SYL. Not to eliminate intervention systems - sometimes they’re necessary. But to build communities resilient enough that fewer people NEED emergency intervention. To create structures where families can stabilize BEFORE crisis, not after.
DCS will always be necessary for some situations. But my goal is to reduce how often it’s necessary.

[I during this time now  currently I listen to all music I’ve ever listened to and don’t stay on one genre for more than 3 days. But adding in frequency music for meditation purposes]